Bootstrap Peers Implementation (#4555)
IntersectMBO/ouroboros-network: ouroboros-network/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.7.0.1

### Breaking changes

* Added `UseLedgerCloseToTip` to `UseLedger` type .

  This is part of the effort of getting rid of `UseLedgerAfter` and use an automatic way to
  distribute the load of locally configured root peers to ledger peers. However this needs
  to be done carefully, one shouldn't start using ledger peers if it's not safe to do so.
  A good time to switch and start using ledger peers is determined by choosing the point
  so that the probability that a 50% stake adversarial would be chosen k times to produce
  a block is sufficiently low.

- Given the text above, `lpGetPeersAfterSafeSlot` was added.

> 

Reviewer: This is added in a wrong place, `0.7.0.1` is already released.

### Breaking changes

> * Added `UseRecentLedger` to `UseLedger` type .
> 
> - Moved `LedgerConsensusInterface` type to `ouroboros-network-api`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `UseRecentLedger` to `UseLedger` type .

* Moved `LedgerConsensusInterface` type to `ouroboros-network-api`.
```

* The constructor `FetchDeclineChainNoIntersection` was renamed to
  `FetchDeclineChainIntersectionTooDeep` (#4541)

* Added `UseLedgerCloseToTip` to `UseLedger` type .

  This is part of the effort of getting rid of `UseLedgerAfter` and use an automatic way to
  distribute the load of locally configured root peers to ledger peers. However this needs
  to be done carefully, one shouldn't start using ledger peers if it's not safe to do so.
  A good time to switch and start using ledger peers is determined by choosing the point
  so that the probability that a 50% stake adversarial would be chosen k times to produce
  a block is sufficiently low.

> - Given the text above, `lpGetPeersAfterSafeSlot` was added.

Author: Right, I forgot to update the comments! Thank you for noticing this

* Peer sharing is now delayed for 5minutes for newly established peers.
* `policyPeerShareRetryTime` to 900s

> * Creates `PublicRootPeers` and adds `BootstrapPeers` and big ledger peers to
>   `PublicRootPeers` abstraction.
> 
> * Adjusts `PeerSelectionActions` `requestPublicRootPeers` function to
>   provide either only ledger peers or bootstrap peers according to the
>   current ledger state. The same for `requestBigLedgerPeers`.
> 
> * Adds `readLedgerStateJudgement` to `PeerSelectionActions`
> * Adds `ledgerStateJudgement` to `PeerSelectionState`
> * Adds `bootstrapPeersFlag` to `PeerSelectionState`
> * Adds `hasOnlyBootstrapPeers` to `PeerSelectionState`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Created `PublicRootPeers` and adds `BootstrapPeers` and big ledger peers to
  `PublicRootPeers` abstraction.

* Adjusted `PeerSelectionActions` `requestPublicRootPeers` function to
  provide either only ledger peers or bootstrap peers according to the
  current ledger state. The same for `requestBigLedgerPeers`.

* Added `readLedgerStateJudgement` to `PeerSelectionActions`
* Added `ledgerStateJudgement` to `PeerSelectionState`
* Added `bootstrapPeersFlag` to `PeerSelectionState`
* Added `hasOnlyBootstrapPeers` to `PeerSelectionState`
```
